hello everyone for today's recipe there
two walls are needed 100 g of sugar 150
g flour double zero half a glass
of milk half a glass of seed oil
a sachet of yeast a mold for
cream tart we will need 4
egg yolks 6 tablespoons of sugar
4 tablespoons of flour half a liter of
milk
the rind of a lemon will then serve us
fresh fruit to taste and a
jar of pineapple that we will use
also the syrup as a bathroom
finally I make this spray gelatin
already ready but the one in is fine too
powder
in a bowl we beat eggs with lo
sugar to make them clear except
then add the flour sifting it
we incorporate milk into the mixture
and the oil
finally add the yeast
pour the mixture into the mold
buttered and floured and bake in
oven already warm at 180 degrees for about 30
minutes
always check that cooking
toothpick test when the base is ready
let it cool and proceed
those prepared the cream in a pot
put the egg yolks and sugar
we mix add some of the medium
liter of expected milk we incorporate a
little by little the fairy sifting it
add the remaining milk
and the lemon rind
put it on a flame
low and continuously mix until
that the cream does not thicken when the
texture is ready leaving to cool
a little and we remove all the peels of
lemon
I advise you to count how many
like clothes so don't
forget anyone
we now use the syrup contained therein
jar give an axis to wet the
our base
we are based on the cream by now
written that we proceed by cleaning e
cutting the fruit
keep in mind that to decorate one
it takes about a quarter on the cake
of the fruit you obey
now the fun part we decorate the
our turn with fruit
last step we polish the fruit with
gelatin to help the dog
risk
if you liked the recipe click me
like to subscribe to the channel for non
lose the next hello and the next
video